.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PEP 1 "April 12, 2011"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH "NAME"
pep \- Command-line PEP reader
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B pep
.I PEP_NUMBER
.br
.B pep upgrade
.RI [ with\ progress ]
.br
.B pep search
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.I PATTERN

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBpep\fP is a command-line PEP reader. It keeps a local repository of PEPs
for fast searching and offline reading.  Features are : upgrading local PEPs
repository, reading a PEP, searching a pattern in PEPs.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.B upgrade
Upgrade local PEP repository for new PEPs
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
List options with some help.
.TP
.B search
The search option uses grep, so all grep options are useable here, see man grep.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
Here are some \fBpep\fP usage examples.
.PP
.PP
\fBpep 8\fR
.PP
Read the PEP 8 using your local pager.
.PP
\fBpep upgrade\fR
.PP
Upgrade local PEPs repository.
.PP
\fBpep upgrade with progress\fR
.PP
Upgrade local PEPs repository with a progression indicator.
.PP
\fBpep search Guido\fR
.PP
Search for 'Guido'
.PP
\fBpep search \-i guido\fR
.PP
Case insensitive search for 'guido', for all options, see 'man grep'
.PP
\fBpep search -Ei ros{2}um\fR
.PP
Search for the regex ros{2}um using extended regular expression, see  man grep'
.SH "SEE ALSO"
pep8(1), less(1), more(1), most(1)
.br
.SH "AUTHOR"
pep was written by Julien Palard.
.PP
This manual page was written by Julien Palard <julien@palard.fr>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
